[DOC] New procedure for zookeeper connection (#1637)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/assembly-zookeeper-connection.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-deployment-configuration-kafka.adoc

[id='assembly-zookeeper-connection-{context}']

= Zookeeper connection

> Zookeeper services are secured with encryption and authentication and are not intended to be used by external applications that are not part of AMQ Streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zookeeper services are secured with encryption and authentication and are not intended to be used by external applications that are not part of {{ProductName}}.
```

> However, if you want to use Kafka CLI tools that require a connection to Zookeeper, you can use a terminal inside a Kafka container and connect using `localhost:2181` as the Zookeeper address.

Reviewer: An example of a Kafka CLI tool, such as the kafka-topics tool, might be helpful here.

Reviewer 2: There is an example in the procedure right below this. But I guess it might not hurt to have it here as well.

> However, if you want to use Kafka CLI tools that require a connection to Zookeeper, such as the `kafka-topics` tool, you can use a terminal inside a Kafka container and connect using `localhost:2181` as the Zookeeper address.

Reviewer 3: I was wondering if we should quickly explain why. I don't want people think that Zookeeper is somehow running in the same pod of Kafka so it's reachable via localhost (even if it should be clear by the fact that others pods are running with Zookeeper).

Author: @scholzj @tombentley - what do you think about @ppatierno suggestion?

Reviewer 4: "and connect to the local end of the TLS tunnel to Zookeeper by using `localhost:2181` as the Zookeeper address."
